hi everybody and welcome to the Belgian
air show today I've got another Sesame
Street toy it's Bert and Ernie's total
arrives
this one's really fun it's got cars it's
got a wide
it's got noises it's really awesome I
love Sesame Street let's play okay here
is the Bert and Ernie's tune-up garage
it's very cool I think he came with
Elmo's a car I think the other guys I
caught separately and some guys I got I
was like hand-me-downs like I don't know
where this guy came from Oscar and a
garbage truck big bird and a fire engine
no a big bird and Ernie
Oh No that's the friends who gave me
some sesame toys cuz they know I love
sesame street and uh I love burn areas
garage this was very cool you left the
door oh okay sure what do we need - I
need oil change cool I like the sound
effects and then here if you can see
almost up top here
yes although all right let's go oh whoa
whoa cooking with falafel look who's
captain gasps Oh Oscar Oscar need some
more yes right the white things go you
gotta fill it up to drive it
all right these guys are awesome I love
them all
to play with this all day filling up gas
check and rotating the tires checking
out the suspension what else replacing
my brakes right you know I don't think
any guys that break this is very cute
said I like it a lot you going up Thank
You Ernie
everybody I really like this online
yeah - my favorite thing cars and inside
let me straight
I love it I play all day the button
change in the Royal gotten their new
tire is filling up with gas this is very
cool I like it oh wow okay make sure you
subscribe to the field a bear show and
like my video because I like